downgrade fromversion (#35464)
demisto/content: Packs/BitwardenPasswordManager/ReleaseNotes/1_0_1.md

#### Integrations
##### Bitwarden Password Manager

> - Fixed an issue where the integration where not installed on current XSIAM release (2.3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the integration was not installed in the current Cortex XSIAM release (2.3).
```
